README.md, before:

# Chemo

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/pr8btfa4knxwsfgc?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/t-richards/chemo)

> I want to bring my computer to the brink of death using an overdose of chemo,
> only to have it maybe survive and be a normal computer

Chemo rids your Windows 10 machine of the pre-installed junk you don't want. We
can't guarantee that it will stay gone forever, but you may always come back for
another round of treatment, if you desire.

## :warning: Warning :warning:

Chemo can and will eat your lunch. Before using this tool, please make a
snapshot, system restore point, or other backup of some kind.

You probably don't want to use Chemo on your primary machine. Unless you are comfortable with performing a fresh installation of Windows or restoring from a backup image, don't use this tool!

Chemo is currently in a pre-alpha state. Contributions and feedback are greatly appreciated!

## Download

The latest development build can be [downloaded directly from AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/t-richards/chemo/build/artifacts).

## System Requirements

 - Windows 10

Note: This program is designed strictly for Windows 10. Use on other versions of
Microsoft Windows is not supported.

## Available Treatments

![chemo screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3905798/55529223-33629200-566e-11e9-9026-d9765557472c.png)

While using Chemo, hover over any treatment in the tree to display a brief
description of what the treatment does.

### Apps

Treatments related to store apps or other apps.

#### `Remove Windows Store Apps`

This treatment removes most pre-installed Windows Store apps. For the complete
list of removals, please see:

https://github.com/t-richards/chemo/blob/master/Chemo/Data/StoreApps.cs#L9-L64

#### `Deprovision Windows Store Packages`

Deprovisions most pre-installed Windows Store apps (same list as above). After the treatment is applied, creating a new user or applying a feature update will no longer trigger the re-installation of these junk applications.

> What is a provisioned Windows Store package?

When a new Windows user is created, Windows _will_ automatically install all "provisioned" store packages for that user. When a feature update is applied, Windows _may_ re-install any missing "provisioned" store packages for all users.

#### `Remove OneDrive`

Completely removes OneDrive and ALL ONEDRIVE DATA.

#### `Disable Cortana`

Prevents Cortana from appearing in the taskbar. A sign out is required to
complete this operation.

### Config

Opinionated configuration changes.

#### `Disable Force-Reboot After Windows Update`

Prevents Windows from automatically rebooting after applying Windows Updates

#### `Require Ctrl+Alt+Del At Sign In`

Requires the user to press Ctrl+Alt+Del at the sign-in screen for security reasons.

#### `Disable Internet Search Results in Start Menu`

Prevents internet junk from appearing when searching apps, files, etc. in the start menu.

#### `Set System Clock to UTC`

Sets the system's hardware clock to Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The Windows default is localtime.

### Features

Windows Feature toggles.

#### `Disable Internet Explorer`

Turns off the Windows feature, "Internet Explorer 11". A system reboot is
required to complete this operation.

### Privacy

Re-gain control of your privacy. (TBD)

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at
https://github.com/t-richards/chemo

## License

The application is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add deploy and release info to readme

README.md, after:

# Chemo

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/pr8btfa4knxwsfgc?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/t-richards/chemo)

> I want to bring my computer to the brink of death using an overdose of chemo,
> only to have it maybe survive and be a normal computer

Chemo rids your Windows 10 machine of the pre-installed junk you don't want. We
can't guarantee that it will stay gone forever, but you may always come back for
another round of treatment, if you desire.

## :warning: Warning :warning:

Chemo can and will eat your lunch. Before using this tool, please make a
snapshot, system restore point, or other backup of some kind.

You probably don't want to use Chemo on your primary machine. Unless you are comfortable with performing a fresh installation of Windows or restoring from a backup image, don't use this tool!

Chemo is currently in a pre-alpha state. Contributions and feedback are greatly appreciated!

## Download

The latest "release" can be [downloaded from the releases section on GitHub](https://github.com/t-richards/chemo/releases).

## System Requirements

 - Windows 10

Note: This program is designed strictly for Windows 10. Use on other versions of
Microsoft Windows is not supported.

## Available Treatments

![chemo screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3905798/55529223-33629200-566e-11e9-9026-d9765557472c.png)

While using Chemo, hover over any treatment in the tree to display a brief
description of what the treatment does.

### Apps

Treatments related to store apps or other apps.

#### `Remove Windows Store Apps`

This treatment removes most pre-installed Windows Store apps. For the complete
list of removals, please see:

https://github.com/t-richards/chemo/blob/master/Chemo/Data/StoreApps.cs#L9-L64

#### `Deprovision Windows Store Packages`

Deprovisions most pre-installed Windows Store apps (same list as above). After the treatment is applied, creating a new user or applying a feature update will no longer trigger the re-installation of these junk applications.

> What is a provisioned Windows Store package?

When a new Windows user is created, Windows _will_ automatically install all "provisioned" store packages for that user. When a feature update is applied, Windows _may_ re-install any missing "provisioned" store packages for all users.

#### `Remove OneDrive`

Completely removes OneDrive and ALL ONEDRIVE DATA.

#### `Disable Cortana`

Prevents Cortana from appearing in the taskbar. A sign out is required to
complete this operation.

### Config

Opinionated configuration changes.

#### `Disable Force-Reboot After Windows Update`

Prevents Windows from automatically rebooting after applying Windows Updates

#### `Require Ctrl+Alt+Del At Sign In`

Requires the user to press Ctrl+Alt+Del at the sign-in screen for security reasons.

#### `Disable Internet Search Results in Start Menu`

Prevents internet junk from appearing when searching apps, files, etc. in the start menu.

#### `Set System Clock to UTC`

Sets the system's hardware clock to Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The Windows default is localtime.

### Features

Windows Feature toggles.

#### `Disable Internet Explorer`

Turns off the Windows feature, "Internet Explorer 11". A system reboot is
required to complete this operation.

### Privacy

Re-gain control of your privacy. (TBD)

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at
https://github.com/t-richards/chemo

## License

The application is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
